docs: release notes for v0.7.1 (#222)
ricochet-rs/docs: src/content/docs/releases/v0.7.1.mdx

---
title: v0.7.1
docs: release notes for Ricochet v0.7.1
slug: releases/v0.7.1
tableOfContents: false
template: splash
---

**Released: April 30, 2026**

### Fixes

- **Database Migration Handling**: Improved tolerance for partially applied migrations during upgrades, preventing potential errors when updating Ricochet

> - **Database Checksum Corruption**: Removed reconcile_migrations process that was causing database checksum corruption issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Database Checksum Corruption**: Removed migration reconciliation process that was causing database checksum corruption between dev and release builds.
```

> - **R Environment Caching**: Fixed renv restore failures caused by mismatching cache states

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **R Environment Restoration**: Fixed renv restore in kubernetes and linux by having separate restore commands for each environment.
```
